add agent ingress cert issuer docs (#881)
ngrok/ngrok-docs: docs/agent/ingress.mdx

	</TabItem>
	<TabItem value="go-sdk" label="Go">
		<CustomIngressGoSdkExample />

> 	</TabItCheem>

Reviewer: ?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	</TabItem>
```

Author: huh, not sure how that happened 🤔

at additional cost. [Contact us](mailto:support@ngrok.com?subject=Dedicated+Ingress+IPs) to get in touch for
additional details.

## Certificate Issuer

> While you create a custom agent ingress you'll get the option to chose between

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you create a custom agent ingress you'll get the option to choose between
```

two certificate issuer options, ngrok's internal CA and
[Let's Encrypt](https://letsencrypt.org/). During creation of an agent ingress
select the desired certificate provider:

![](/img/docs/new-ingress.png)

### ngrok Cert Issuer

The ngrok cert issuer is the default option which the agent trusts
automatically. It provisions immediately, but may require additional
configuration if an outbound proxy sits between the agent and ngrok for deep
traffic inspection, since the proxy won't automaticallly trust the ngrok-issued
certificate.

### Let's Encrypt Cert Issuer

> The Let's Encrypt cert issuer is not automatically trusted by the agent,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Let's Encrypt cert issuer is not automatically trusted by the agent and
```

requires the `root_cas` option to be set to `host` (or the Let's Encrupt root
cert) in the configuration file (assuming the host trusts the standard set of

> public CAs). Same goes for any other ngrok SDK, package, or agent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
public CAs). This also applies to any ngrok agent SDK or SSH Reverse Tunnel agent.
```
